Junior Brother Huntian Chapter will look at me with a palm
you
How did you do this?
On purpose, who asked you to help him come again?
Why don't you do it yourself?
Let's not sneak attack, come on
Junior sister, I'll fight him
Brother, help me take revenge
He is a mortal replacement
Can't stand my slap
No, senior brother is beating the ugly Jiang Bailian
Okay, let's make it two in one.
This ammunition was refined by me for seven, seven, forty-nine days
In a short time
concentrate
Can help you get through
And Kamitani is less used
Good for you
Brother, what's wrong with you?
Junior Sister, I'm hurt, is Junior Sister okay?
What's uncomfortable
It hurts everywhere.
You two wait for me here
It's not over yet
Sister, let's go find medicine